these are all the most popular LED
gadgets let's find out if they're
actually good or not so first up is the
deom pixel art speaker it looks like a
tiny little desktop computer it actually
sounds pretty good to be fair
considering the size of the thing
underwater disco lights so you press to
turn it on and then press again to cycle
between the different
modes wow that's awesome the
glow-in-the-dark t-shirt though allows
you to draw on your clothes this entire
thing is one massive light sensitive
panel that reacts to the light particles
in this UV torch I just probably won't
use it because of how quickly it all
fades the LED book is a really fitting
idea for a reading light every time you
open it it's a different color and then
if you want to hold it out for more than
90° your book do that the LED Cloud
feels like a way just to upsell cotton
but if we plug it in ooh I think it's
the lighting effects that actually
really sell the illusion of this being a
thundercloud you could just make this at
home how good is the flame diffuser
though put it in wo that is extremely
realistic looking like having a fire you
can touch it's just quite loud and I'm
pretty sure it's also leaking